{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red17\green16\blue78;\red228\green228\blue228;\red38\green38\blue38;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c8235\c10196\c38039;\cssrgb\c91373\c91373\c91373;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ICES CENTRAL\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs70 \cf4 \cb3 System Administrator\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf4 \cb3 Closing Date: 5/22/2020\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\i \cf4 Data. Discovery. Better Health.
\i0 \

\i We\'92ve got the data. Only the Institute for Clinical Evaluative Sciences holds all of Ontario\'92s 18 billion health related records \'96 comprised of nearly a trillion data points!
\i0 \

\i We\'92ve made improvements to health. As a world-leading research institute, our trusted evidence changes policy and practice\'85and patient lives.
\i0 \

\i We need 
\b you
\b0  for the discovery part.
\i0 \

\i Your skills, knowledge and curiosity can change the future of health care.
\i0 \

\i Come discover your value.
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf4 Role Group:
\b0  Technology\
ICES is seeking a system administrator to join our IT team. Reporting to the manager, IT Operations, the system administrator will be responsible for building, maintaining and supporting the IT infrastructure and systems.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf4 RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE POSITION INCLUDE, BUT MAY NOT BE LIMITED TO:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs28 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Provide technical support to IT infrastructure and systems\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Perform day to day operational activities, including server building and administration, system patching and upgrade, backup and recovery, and data center management\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Proactively monitor system logs and performance, respond to issues, troubleshoot and identify root causes, develop and implement technical resolutions\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Participate in and provide input to system architecture design, planning, and implementation of new systems\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Work as an escalation point for Help Desk desktop support\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Create and maintain technical documentation\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Upgrade knowledge of emerging technologies by reading professional publications, and participating in educational and training opportunities\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	8	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Flexible in availability with regards to working hours and days scheduled required\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	9	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Other duties as may be assigned within the scope of this position.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf4 KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES REQUIRED\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs28 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
University degree in computer sciences or equivalent\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
IT industry certification required such as MCSA/MCSE, SCSA, RHCE, ITIL\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Five years progressive system administration experience in Windows, Red Hat Enterprise Linux, Azure, AWS, and VMware environment\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Strong working experience with Windows Server 2008/2012/2016, Active Directory, Exchange, Office365, Citrix, VMware, Red Hat Linux, and Windows 7/8/10 desktop administration\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Experience with SQL Server, SCCM, SAN and Blade infrastructure, clustered file system, backup systems and tools, and LAN/WAN network\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Excellent troubleshooting and problem solving skills\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Strong communication and customer service skills with the ability to provide guidance to Help Desk resources\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Ability to manage multiple projects and set priorities.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 The role is a full-time permanent position located at ICES Central in Toronto.\
ICES offers a competitive compensation package with full benefits, and participation in a defined benefit pension plan with HOOPP (Healthcare of Ontario Pension Plan).\
Interested candidates should submit their resume, and cover letter detailing how their knowledge, skills and abilities match the scope of this position to the attention of:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf4 Human Resources Department\uc0\u8232 Please Quote Job# COR-19-09
\b0 \
We thank all applicants for their interest in working at ICES. Due to the volume of applications received, only applicants being considered for the position will be contacted for further discussions.\
ICES is committed to providing accessible employment practices, in compliance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 (AODA). Applicants are asked to make accommodation requests to ICES and we will make every effort to ensure that accommodation requests are met throughout the recruitment process.}